# Mini Tune Generator
Generates a short tune that follows all of the basic compositional rules
enforced by my music theory professor for my final project. 
Prints out a chord progression and a melody over top of it. 
Melody is printed as just numbers, which are interpreted as the interval 
from the tonic. I unfortunately chickened out and did not submit something
generated by this as my final project.
<br><br>
I've also included a few tunes it's spat out in the examples dir--I haven't spent all that
much time putting the output into MuseScore as it's kind of a pain, so if
I ever continue to work on this I'd rather it spit out an MP3 or play the 
audio directly, rather than just spitting it out with the current
formatting.
<br><br>
It does an A-B-A structure right now, which is pretty neat. The whole thing 
runs on randomness and probablity for choosing the next note / chord, but
errs on the side of more acceptable (so inverted 7th chords should be rare,
as are 3rds and canonically uglier progressions like ii->viio6->vi).


# Usage
Run this bad boy and put the output into MuseScore or some other DAW.
Pick your key, but unfortunately only 4 per chord are supported right now,
so probably stick to 4 4 with 4 quarter notes and one chord per measure, or
alternatively 4 4 with 8 eighth notes and two half note chords per measure
if you're looking for something faster paced.
<br>
Only consonant intervals are used, so if you're confused about whether or
not the melody moves up or down at a given point, only steps, leaps of 3rd,
and leaps of 5th are used. Therefore, if you see 4->1, the melody goes up
in pitch (because the interval between a 4th and a 1st is a 5th, whereas
the interval between a 1st and a 4th is a 4th, which is dissonant -- and
therefore outlawed by my prof).
